- [[Noel Ashtenbloom]] and [[Rosemary Holloway]] went to [[Inks, Drinks, and Kinks]] to find [[King Leoben]] as per [[Remiri's Note]]
- it was not [[King Leoben]]. it was the [[Stalker]].
- After it had been weakened by [[Noel Ashtenbloom]] and [[Rosemary Holloway]], the following was done and said by the [[Stalker]]:
  > The Stalker’s body morphs into goop and remolds itself into a generic humanoid body. It’s slumped over on its knees and it looks up at you, first with [Ollie’s]([[Oliver Holloway]]) face, then [Leoben’s]([[King Leoben]]), then [Vivre’s]([[Vivre Rahon]]). It starts cycling through hundreds of faces, everyone it’s killed. It cycles through them so fast the faces smear away before they fully form. It speaks with 1000 voices 
  > "[Rosemary, Rosemary, Rosemary.]([[Rosemary Holloway]]) ‘You failed to save your [mother]([[Mother Holloway]]). You failed to *know* your [father]([[Father Holloway]]). You couldn’t even keep the life of your dear younger [brother]([[Oliver Holloway]]) safe. You run around playing hero, and everyone pretends to go along with it, but deep down they know you’re just a killer. Your only [childhood friend]([[Vincent]]) rotted away in a cell while you did nothing to stop it. You’ve been used your whole life, and can’t sleep without the fear of being called. [Rosemary]([[Rosemary Holloway]]), you’re nothing but a common *whore* whose selfishness gets everyone around her killed. Where are your [allies]([[New Devout]]) now? Did you leave them to die to The [[Storm]], or did **they** finally leave **you**?" Amidst the whirlwind, a single voice cuts through [Rose]([[Rosemary Holloway]]).
  > "[Rosemary]([[Rosemary Holloway]]), it hurts me to see you like this. There’s no need to hold onto all of this hurt anymore. You don’t know anything but hurt. Please, give your pain to me, become my daughter[^1] anew."
- [^1]: Perhaps [[Rosemary Holloway]] will be the new Scourge Daughter.