- These notes were written by [[Jelen Stinger]] and hidden in the [[Castle Bellborn]] library protected by the Glyph of Warding spell.
- ## Entry 1
  > [[Alderman Ravenswon]] has fallen farther than even I thought at first. This ‘[Order of Silence](the [[Order of Silence]])’ he speaks of is very real, and he in fact happens to be a high ranking member. He has ~~RUINED NOTES~~ Silence he calls '[[Observers]]'.  I’m not sure what their end goal is, but I do know that they are the cause of ~~RUINED NOTES~~, or perhaps more accurately they are working for it. In these meetings, they speak in plain terms about the curse without any signs of affliction. Worse still, the curse seems ~~RUINED NOTES~~ the Lurker. They speak of demands the [[Lurker]] has made to them, demands for ~~RUINED NOTES~~. I’m unsure what to make of it at this point.
- ## Entry 2
  > [The Alderman]([[Alderman Ravenswon]]) is sick. His paranoia is an act simply used to further his goal. The innocents he’s been capturing and killing ~~RUINED NOTES~~ sacrifices to the [[Lurker]]. Somehow they want to ~~RUINED NOTES~~ about a '[[New World]]'? I'm still uncertain of the mechanics of this process, and what this '[[New World]]' of theirs looks like...
- ## Entry 3
  > After one of the meetings, I followed an [Observer]([[Observers]]) to the fountain behind [[Castle Bellborn]]. I saw him slot a glowing purple object into a tablet on the fountain, and to my amazement the structure slid open, revealing a gaping hole in the ground underneath. It seemed to lead somewhere important. The [Observer]([[Observers]]) climbed inside, but I pressed my luck no further. The opening of the tunnel glowed a deep purple, the same shade as the [[Scourge]]... I can venture a guess as to what I might find down there.