- The party found [[King Leoben]]'s journal in his study after [[House Amberwood]] took the throne. It is composed of a few relevant excerpts, noted below.
-
- ## Introduction
- > Greetings reader. This journal contains not the words of a King, but the words of a desperate man who has seen the end of the world and has neither the power nor time to save it. I hope that there is still time for you, whoever you may be, to do what I could not. Please, heed my words: [[The Scourge]] is coming. It isn’t just another natural disaster like a landslide or a storm, but a living being that seeks to destroy us. It won’t slow down and it certainly won’t stop until it has infected all of humanity. For the past year, I have been gathering information about how to stop it and have summarized everything I learned within this journal. Please hurry, the end is nigh.
-
- ## On [[The Scourge]]
- > [[The Scourge]] is the extension of the elder god [[Raznesh]], also known as the [Scourge Father]([[Raznesh]]). You could call it his Will, but there are also those that call it his body. As you have likely seen, [[The Scourge]] infects whatever is close to it for an extended period of time, living or not. During the infection process, [[Raznesh]] whispers and probes at a victim until they are no longer able to resist his Will and are assimilated into him. While yes, strong-willed people can resist for a time, anyone will crumble if they are under his gaze for long enough. Though it pains me to say it, the countless people and animals that have succumbed to [[The Scourge]] are no longer themselves, they are [thralls]([[Scourge Thralls]]) of [[Raznesh]] and should be treated as such to mitigate the damage they cause.
-
- ## On [[Raznesh]]
- > [[Raznesh]] resides in [[Vemosa]], his self-created realm of darkness and hate. There he waits, deep below the sea, and deeper still beneath the bedrock, for his chance to climb out and begin the slaughter, his army of monstrous [[Scourge Thralls]] in tow. I have not seen [[Vemosa]] with my own eyes, but I have seen it in visions from above, visions prophesying the future of this world if nothing is done. It is a realm where nothing but [Scourge]([[The Scourge]]) and darkness are allowed to exist.
-
- ## On [[The Golden Hearth]]
- > [[Raznesh]] is not the only great force in this world. [[The Golden Hearth]] worshiped the goddess [[Evalla]] , who stood in opposition to the fiend. In ancient times, [[The Golden Hearth]] encompassed most of the world, though today only Akerheim’s national faith still holds that name. It is said that [[Evalla]] established her church in those days to prepare for the coming of [[Raznesh]]. [[The Golden Hearth]] had healing powers like the world had never seen. Their clergymen could heal [[The Scourge]] with a wave of the hand, and the evil substance was burned away by their golden fire. [[Evella]] placed five of her most faithful followers at the head of each nation. These leaders became known as [[The Five Devout]].
-
- ## On [[The Five Devout]]
- > Each of the Five Devout represented one of the tenants of [[The Golden Hearth]]. Their leader, [[Osiren the Sword]], represented Resolve. He ruled over [[Akerheim]]. [[Lailia the Merciful]], ruler of [[Lashana]], represented life. [[Kahl the Mountain]], ruler of [[Sh’Rhal]], represented perfection. [[Iris the Muse]], ruler of [[Austasia]], and my ancestor, represented creation. Lastly, [[Caelus the Feather]], ruler of [[Sh’Rasa]], represented freedom. These five champions led the war against [[The Scourge]] until their eventual deaths. [[The Five Devout]] were each given gifts from their goddess that assisted them in their clash with [[The Scourge]]. These gifts are known as [[The Relics of Light]].
-
- ## On [[The Relics of Light]]
- > These relics are our world's last hope. Their power defeated [[Raznesh]] once before, they’ll need to be able to do it again. My main request to whoever is reading this is to find these and harness their power. [Osiren]([[Osiren the Sword]]), leader of [[The Five Devout]] and [[Evalla]]’s right hand, was gifted [[Evalla’s Holy Blade]], a longsword capable of summoning the fire of [[The Golden Hearth]]. [Lailia]([[Laila the Merciful]]) was given [[The Pure Silk]] , robes that protected her delicate body and enhanced the power of her healing miracles. [Kahl]([[Kahl the Mountain]]) was given [[Scourge Bane]], a greathammer capable of bending the very earth. [Iris]([[Iris the Muse]]) was given [[The Golden Threads]], strings made from [[Evalla]]’s hair that imbued her song with power and healing. [Caelus]([[Caelus the Feather]]) was given [[The Shadowslayer Twinblades]], weapons that let the man warp around the battlefield at light speeds. Each of the Five was also given a [[Lightstone Tablet]], a device that let them communicate as much as they wanted from any distance. These relics now rest in [[Vaults]] deep underground, in [[Vemosa]]. Their power has kept [[Raznesh]] at bay for over a millennium, but their bonds are breaking and soon he will rise to his former power. The next page contains a drawing of a map from ancient times depicting the locations of these [[Vaults]] .
-
- ## On [[The Vilebeasts]]
- > [[Raznesh]] saw [[Evalla]] promote [[The Five Devout]] and sought to create champions to combat them. These monsters became known as [[The Vilebeasts]]. Unfortunately, I don’t have much I can tell you about them other than their names, that they played a large part in overthrowing [[The Golden Hearth]], and that they are likely to return soon. In order from most powerful to least powerful, they are called [[The Storm]], [[The Colossus]], [[The Lurker]], and [[The Stalker]]. Should you accept my request to gather [[The Relics of Light]], you will likely come into conflict with all of them.
-