- [Rosemary]([[Rosemary Holloway]]) sculked through the dreamlike hallways of [[Castle Pedalford]]. Though dark, she didn’t need light to see the paintings of royalty on the walls or the elegant embroidery that lined the edges. Once, she might have called this place her home, though it was really more like a prison.
- [Leoben]([[King Leoben]]). [[King Leoben]]. It was his fault. Every bad thing that had ever happened to Rosemary could be blamed on that vile man. But that was in the past, and Rosemary wouldn’t let the pains of those days define her any longer.* How long has it been since those days? Months? Years? Lifetimes?* Rosemary couldn’t remember.
- Ever since the day that she killed The [[Stalker]], time had been a blur. Sometimes it felt like she was merely a spectator in her own body. Like she was alone in the dark, and the occasional flash of lightning let her observe her surroundings for a time before the darkness settled over her again.
- That, of course, was a lie. Rosemary’s thoughts were her own, and she knew that she was present in every moment. Even still, what were those *holes* in her memory? Why couldn’t she remember? She had vague impressions of a [tiefling boy]([[Oliver Holloway]]), young enough to be her brother. But any time she tried to picture him, his face was nothing more than a scratched-out void. It was as if the identity of the figure had been plucked from her very mind—nothing left of him but a shadow in the mist.
- The tiefling wasn’t the only such shadow. Rosemary could picture many figures, each a faceless imitation, like a doll. What were these people to her? Had she known them, even just one? That seemed impossible. It seemed impossible to Rosemary that she might have once had a life beyond the personal hell Leoben put her through. Though sometimes, when her inner light flashed, Rosemary felt like she might be close to remembering.
- The light came to Rosemary. *Remember.* It whispered to her.
- Did Rosemary want to remember? Whenever she tri-
- A voice like twisted metal interrupted her train of thought.
- “Rosemary?”
- The voice was sharp in Rosemary’s mind, causing her to falter in the middle of the gloomy hallway, her head pounding.
- “I thought I told you. Thoughts like these are dangerous, very dangerous. They will bring you pain, the pain I have freed you from. Do you wish to return to the pain, Rosemary?”
- “I,” Did she? Everything was so distant now, she hadn’t the faintest clue what was good for her anymore. But Father could see. Rosemary knew [Father]([[Raznesh]]) would do what was best for her, and she must have had good reason when she gave Him those pains, those memories. Rosemary often forgot this was the reason she could never remember her past: she had given it away.
- “No,” Rosemary whimpered. “Father. Please. I didn’t mean to disobey. I don’t want my pain. Not anymore, it is weakness.”
- “There there, child,” though the voice was still sickening, Rosemary felt that it was somehow more tender now. “You are safe. I will be near as long as you need me. A Father does not abandon his Daughter when She comes to Him. But be vigilant, Rosemary. You know why I have made you return to this place, and you draw near.”
- Rosemary stood up, confident in herself, the world around her more solid, more *real* than it was mere moments ago. She hastened her pace through the palace, making her way higher and higher, never uttering even a peep.
- Rosemary passed a few guard patrols on her way to the top of the castle, but not one of them suspected a thing. Idiots. Rosemary had half a mind to kill them for sport, but what fun was it for a tiger to hunt rats?
- Rosemary drew close to her quarry. She quickly rounded a final set of stairs that opened into a long, slightly rounded hallway. Moonlight shone into the hallway through stained glass windows on the western wall, which looked down over the city of Pedalford. A college campus was set at the edge of the city. Why did she feel like she owed something to that place?
- *“No,”* Rosemary scolded herself. *“No memories. No pain. You’re here to please Father. Don’t disappoint him.”*
- Rosemary steeled herself, then began skulking through the hallway. A ghost in the night, come to take life from the living. As she peered through the darkness, Rosemary’s target came into view.
- Four honor guards stood at watch in front of [Princess Amberwood’s]([[Princess Melia Amberwood]]) bedchamber. They wore gold-painted armor and stood with silvery swords at their waists. Apparently, Amberwood took extra precautions when her champions were away. That made Rosemary’s blood boil. This foolish girl seriously thought a few measly guards would stop anything from killing her? Didn’t she realize what forces she was playing with? Gods, true Gods, had returned to the world. Did she really think *four guards* would stop a God from getting what they wanted?
- Where had *that* come from? Rosemary knew she had been prone to fits of anger recently, but had it always come on so suddenly? She still felt it, bubbling down within her, but she could usually keep her head level if she caught herself early, before Father’s Wrath started pouring out of her.
- Rosemary sat, nothing but a shadow, and watched the guards. She thought of ways to circumvent them and get to the object of her fury that slept peacefully on the other side of the door. Rosemary became antsy. The *anger* within her became antsy. It wanted out. It wanted Rosemary to pounce. To taste the sweet taste of violence on her purple daggers. These feelings swelled within Rosemary, and she felt like a rubber band stretched to its limit trying to contain the feelings of hatred and rage that swirled within her.
- Rosemary met a guard’s eyes. She knew those eyes. They were the eyes of a man who dragged her, over and over again, to Leoben’s bedchambers. They were the eyes of a man who refused to listen to a crying child’s pleas for innocence. They were the eyes of a man who deserved to DIE.
- ----------
- Rosemary became alert. How long had it been since she was conscious? She remembered anger and violence. She was tired, gasping for breath, muscles strained. Had she been in a fight? She didn’t know, but the four lifeless bodies that Rosemary only now noticed were at her feet indicated that she had.
- *They deserved it.* Rosemary was certain of that.
- Rosemary brushed herself off and made sure she wasn’t bleeding anywhere. She was quick to note that she didn’t feel any pain, and the lack of blood on any of the guard’s swords was enough evidence for Rosemary to move on.
- Rosemary felt a sense of approval from Father as she turned towards Princess Amberwood’s bedchambers, and pushed open the door.